(With 'My Melody', Yeo,Choe,Chuu LOONA Studio STARTS!)
(YeoJin covered '여우야' and she choreographed herself)
(And it's YeoJin's dance cover of 'Doll's that went viral!)
(And the secret of secret member HaSeul made an appearance!)
YeoJin: I really don't know about it!
YeoJin: Why are you here?
HaSeul: Anyway, shall we sit down?
Chuu: Hey!
HaSeul: Yeah
Chuu: What is it?!
Chuu: Explain what's happening, please~
HaSeul: Cause I'm a secret member like you guys~
YeoJin: Feeling betrayed!
(YeoJin, Choerry, Chuu are obviously embarrassed!)
YeoJin: Suddenly 'the moon rises' came out and she showed out of nowhere!
(Because of a time limit, unfortunately it's not possible to show more footage related with HaSeul's appearance!)
(YeoJin + Secret LOONA Studio ended successfully)